add kate's super easy spag bol recipe (#22)
compsoc-edinburgh/cook-book: desserts/0-easy/kates_super_easy_chocolate_cheesecake.md

---

# Kate's Super Easy Chocolate Cheesecake

Super easy and low-ingredient chocolate cheesecake recipe - extensively tested and produces a fabulously rich, dark cheesecake. If opting for a firmer, darker cheesecake, up the chocolate content to 600g (and you can even use darker chocolates, too!)
Serves 6-12. 

## Ingredients

### Biscuit Base
 - 150g digestive biscuits (~10)
 - 25-50g butter
 - 1tbsp caster sugar (optional)

### Cheesecake mixture
 - 300-600g dark chocolate (at least 50% cocoa powder)
 - 600g full fat cream cheese (note: does not have to be Philadelphia)
 - 20-30ml milk (semi-skimmed, optional)

## Method

### Base
1. Line a springform tin with baking paper. 
2. Blitz/crush the digestive biscuits, in a food processor or otherwise. 
3. Melt the butter e.g. in a microwave. Do not overheat it. 
4. Mix the digestive biscuits and the butter (in the springform tin or otherwise) and press flat with a spoon. 
5. Chill the base in the refrigerator for 30 minutes. 

### Cheesecake mixture
6. Prepare a pot of hot water and set a heat-resistant bowl in it, making sure the bowl does not make contact with the water (double-boiling). Set the heat to a medium heat initially. 

> 7. Decrease the heat to a low heat, and break the chocolate into small pieces and melt in the bowl when ready. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Once boiling, decrease the heat to a low heat, and break the chocolate into small pieces and melt in the bowl. 
```
